---
layout: exam_info
num: e01
ready: false
desc: "Midterm Exam"
exam_date: 2016-10-20 11:00:00.00-7
---

# Midterm Exam

Note: Traditionally, there have not been midterm and final exams in CCS Computing Courses.  

The reasons this is awesome are obvious.

But it does have some downsides.   
* It means that students don't get to practice an important skill for success in later CoE CS courses 
   (that *do* have exams)
* It has often left students unsure of how well prepared they actually are for later coursework.

So we will experiment this quarter with taking *practice* exams.  Note that these exams are:

* Not for a grade, or at least directly
   * There isn't a direct mapping from "scores on exams" to units in the course.
* An opportunity to see how you are doing, and where you need to improve


# The exams are not optional

While your units will not be negatively impacted by poor performance on a single exam, they 
may be impacted if you don't show up to take the exam (or make up a missed exam), 
or fail to take the exam seriously and do your best.

# What will be covered on these exams

Given that the course is self-paced, it is impossible to give a single exam that is appropriate to all
students in the course.  Therefore, exams will be selected from previous quarter's exams in CS16, CS24 and
CS32.     An exam will be selected for your that is "approximately appropriate" given the progress you've made so far in the course.

As such, there may be times that a particular question doesn't really work&mdash;it may be tied too specifically
to a particular past offering of the course.   We'll take that into account when interpreting the "grades" or "scores" on these exams.

---

<div style="display:none;">  http://ucsb-cs56-m16.github.io/exam/e01 </div>
